Update moved URLs with their new locations (part 1) (#14738)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/contribute/index.md

- [Convert code samples to be "live"](/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute/Howto/Convert_code_samples_to_be_live) (30 minutes)
- [Send a code patch to the Yari codebase](https://github.com/mdn/yari) (1 hour)
- [Write an interactive example](https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) (1 hour)

If you are interested in words _and_ code, you could try your hand at the following:

- [Write or update an API reference](/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute/Howto/Write_an_API_reference) (30 minutes to 2 hours, or more)
- [Write a new article on a topic you are familiar with](https://github.com/mdn/content#adding-a-new-document) (1 hour or more)
- [Add or update browser compatibility data on a reference page](/en-US/docs/MDN/Structures/Compatibility_tables) (30 minutes to 1 hour)

> > **Note:** If you have found something that is incorrect on MDN but you're not sure how to fix it, you can report problems by [filing a documentation issue](https://github.com/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmdn%2Fcontent%2Fissues%2Fnew%2Fchoose). Please give the issue a descriptive title. (It's not helpful to say "Dead link" without saying where you found the link).

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you have found something that is incorrect on MDN but you're not sure how to fix it, you can report problems by [filing a documentation issue](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/new/choose). Please give the issue a descriptive title. (It's not helpful to say "Dead link" without saying where you found the link).
```
